feat: merge the `objectWrap` option into `expand` (#5262)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/added_a_json_format_option_expandslists.md

"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

Added a format option `expand` for Javascript and JSON formatters.
The option allows to enforce the formatting of arrays and objects on multiple lines, regardless of their length.
It has three options:

When set to `auto` (default), objects are expanded if the first property has a leading newline.
Arrays are collapsed when they fit to a single line.
For example, both styles below are considered as already formatted:

```js
const obj = {
  foo: "bar",
};
```

```js
const obj = { foo: "bar" };
```

When set to `always`, objects and arrays are always expanded.

> When set to `never`, objects and arrays are collapsed when they fit to a single line.

Reviewer: Nit: I'd try to word this a little bit differently so the meaning of "never" becomes a bit more explicit.
```suggestion
When set to `never`, objects and arrays are never expanded when they fit in a single line.
```
